Let's continue our discussion of topics by taking a look at reserved
topics and the three categories that they fall into.
The first one is lifecycle events.
The second one is rules.
And the third one is shadows.
Now let's take a look each of these in more detail.
Let's start with lifecycle events.
Now every single reserved topic, lifecycle events included,
starts with the prefix of $aws/.
There's usually quite a bit more in these reserved topics,
but that'll be what each of them starts with.
In fact,
custom topics that start with a dollar sign are not supported by AWS
and will actually terminate your connection if you try and send it to
anything that starts with a dollar sign.
So when we're talking about lifecycle events,
what we actually mean is two sets of events,
connection and disconnection events,
which go to the following topics of
$aws/events/presence/connected/ and disconnected,
and then finally the end, /clientId.
Now that will determine whether or not a client Id,
in this case an AWS IoT thing,
is either connecting or disconnecting from the MQTT session.
In addition to connection and disconnection attempts,
there's also subscribe and unsubscribe events.
Now these will happen at the topics you see listed below,
which look remarkably similar,
except instead of presence there's subscriptions
and subscribed and unsubscribed.
Now in this case,
this will indicate whether or not a connection has
subscribed to a particular IoT topic.
Now this will help us keep track of different topics and take
actions on different subscriptions if we want to.
Now in addition to lifecycle events,
we can also take a look at the reserved topics for rules and shadows.
There's actually just one reserved topic for rules,
which is the $aws/rules/ and then the ruleName of the rule in question.
Other than that,
there's also device shadows topics and there's actually quite a few of these,
but they all follow the same format of $aws/things/thingName,
in this case indicating whatever IoT thing we're talking about in reference
to the device shadow and then there'll be some other part at the end that
has to do with shadow operations like getting a document or updating a
document related to the device shadow.
Now because there's so many topics related to device shadows,
we won't cover that extensively in this course, but we will discuss in the next video how we can use the Device Shadow service.